Update CHANGELOG.md (#11554)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.19.0 (Unreleased)

IMPROVEMENTS:
* cloudbuild: made `CLOUD_LOGGING_ONLY` available as a cloud build logging option. ([#11511](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11511))
* compute: added `redirect_options` field for `google_compute_security_policy` rules ([#11492](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11492))
* compute: added `FIXED_STANDARD` as a valid value to the field `network_interface.0.access_configs.0.network_tier` of  `google_compute_instance_template` resource ([#11536](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11536))
* compute: added `FIXED_STANDARD` as a valid value to the field `network_interface.0.access_configs.0.network_tier` of  `google_compute_instance` resource ([#11536](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11536))

> * compute: added `STANDARD` as a valid value to the field `network_interface.0.ipv6_access_configs.0.network_tier` of  `google_compute_instance_template` resource ([#11536](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11536))

Reviewer: nit: are we able to combine lines 6 and 8 to be 
```suggestion
* compute: added `STANDARD` and `FIXED_STANDARD` as valid values to the field `network_interface.0.ipv6_access_configs.0.network_tier` of  `google_compute_instance_template` resource ([#11536](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11536))
```
might help with readability?

Reviewer: Same for lines 7 and 9 :)

* compute: added `STANDARD` as a valid value to the field `network_interface.0.ipv6_access_configs.0.network_tier` of  `google_compute_instance` resource ([#11536](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11536))
* filestore: added `kms_key_name` field to `google_filestore_instance` resource to support CMEK ([#11493](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11493))
* filestore: promoted enterprise features to GA ([#11493](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11493))
* logging: made `google_logging_*_bucket_config` deletable ([#11538](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11538))

> * notebooks: updated container_images config to default_from_api ([#11491](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11491))

Reviewer: This may not be very valuable to the end user, do we want to say something like
```updated `container_images` on `google_notebooks_runtime`  to default to the value returned by the API if not set```
or something?

Author: Absolutely! Thanks!
